Are you locked up in a world that's been planned out for you? Are you feeling like a social tool without a use?
    She said "I can't take this place, I'm leaving it behind". She said "I can't take this town, I'm leaving you tonight".
    She's all alone again, wiping her tears from her eyes. Somedays she feels like dying, she gets so sick of crying.
    Sweet young girl so soft and blonde, does exactly what she's been warned. Intoxications in her veins, sweet young boy plays with her brain.
    Nobody likes you, everyone left you, they're all out without you, having fun.
    This dirty town was burning down in my dreams.
    The clock strikes midnight in the murder city.
    Believing all his faith through lies, putting his hand on her tight, impurity has now been gripped, he takes away her innocence.
    Sing us the song of century, that's louder than bombs and eternity, the era of static and contraband, that's leading us into the promised lands. Tell us a story that's by candlelight, waging a war and losing the fight.},
    They're playing the song of the century, of panic and promise and prosperity. Tell me a story into that goodnight, sing us a song for me.
    When are all my troubles gonna end?
    Close your eyes and kiss yourself goodbye.
    This time I've really lost my mind and I don't care.
    Dream, America, dream. I can't even sleep from the light's early dawn. Scream, America, scream. Believe what you see from heroes and cons.
    I'm like a son that was raised without a father, I'm like a mother barely keeping it together.
    I've been waiting a long time for this moment to come, I'm destined for anything at all.
    Hey Gloria, are you standing close to the edge?
    There is no place like home when you got no place to go.
    Hello stranger, I'm a disaster, this brutal love.
    The traces of blood always follow you home, like the mascara tears from your getaway. You're walking with blisters and running with shears, so unholy, sister of grace.
    I'm running late to somewhere now I don't wanna be.
    Oh therapy, can you please fill the void? Am I retarded or am I just overjoyed?
    Cigarettes and Ramen and a little bag of dope, I am the son of a bitch and Edgar Allan Poe. Raised in the city under a halo of lights, the product of war and fear that we've been victimized.
    Are you scared to death to live?
    Little girl, little girl you dirty liar, you're just a junkie preachin' to the choir.
    I praise liberty, the freedom to obey. It's the song that strangles me. Well, don't cross the line...
    I'll live inside this mental cave, throw my emotions in the grave, who the hell needs them anyway?
    I locked the door to my own cell and I lost the key.
    Ready for a cheap escape, on the brink of self-destruction, widespread panic...
    Talk is cheap and lies are expensive.
    Cast out, buried in a hole, struck down, forcing me to fall. Destroyed, giving up the fight... well, I know I'm not alright.
    I don't care if you don't mind, I'll be there not far behind. I will dare keep in mind, I'll be there for you.
    I really hate to say it, but I told you so, so shut your mouth before I shoot you down, ol' boy,
    One, two, one, two, three, four...
    Troubled times, you know I cannot lie. I'm off the wagon and I'm hitchin' a ride.
    Sugar, spice and everything nice wasn't meant for only girls.
    Do you have the time to listen to me whine about nothing and everything all at once?
    It all keeps adding up, I think I’m cracking up. Am I just paranoid? Am I just stoned?
    Give me a long kiss goodnight and everything will be alright. Tell me that I won’t feel a thing... so give me novacaine.
    Sending all my love to you.
    A fire burns today of blasphemy and genocide...
    Don’t test me, second guess me, protest me, you will disappear.
    Mass confusion is all the new rage, and it's creating a feeding ground for the bottom feeders of hysteria
    Idle thought leads to full-throttle screaming, and the welfare is asphyxiating.
    Mayday, this is not a test! As the neighborhood burns, America is falling... Vigilantes warning you, calling Christian and Gloria
    Mass Hysteria.
    I don’t want to live in the modern world.
    I never knew you’re such a funny guy.
    Don’t pat yourself on the back, you might break your spine.
    Rage and love, story of my life.
    What good is love and peace on Earth when it’s exclusive?
    Where’s the truth in the written word if no one reads it?
    A new day dawning comes without warning.
    So don’t think twice, we live in troubled times.
    We live in troubled times.
    Say goodbye to the ones that we love.
    Violence on the rise, like a bullet in the sky.
    Oh lord, have mercy on my soul...
    Kindred spirits sing for the sick and suffering (and suffering...)
    The city of damage control.
    Teach your children well from the bottom of the well.
    Let freedom ring with all the crazies on parade, let them eat poison and it tastes like lemonade.
    What would you wish if you saw a shooting star in an ordinary world?
    I wanna be a celebrity martyr, the leading man in my own private drama.
    I am a semi-automatic lonely boy.
    Daddy’s little psycho and mommy’s little soldier!
    I fell asleep while watching spike tv, after 10 cups of coffee and you‘re still not here. 
    The innocent can never last.
    One, twenty one guns. Lay down your arms, give up the fight.
    Did you try to live on your own when you burn down the house and home? Did you stand too close to the fire? Like a liar looking for forgiveness from a stone...
    Gloria, with your undying love, tell me the story of your life...
    Little girl, little girl, why are you crying? Inside your restless soul your heart is dying.
    Little one, little one your soul is purging, of love and razor blades your blood is surging.
    My name is Billie and I’m freaking out.
    Looking for a cause, when all I got was camouflage, oh! Hangin’ on a dream that’s too dumb to die.
    I feel like a cello, lost somewhere over the rainbow way up high.
    Too scared to dream, but too dumb to die.
    Don’t cross, don’t cross the line because you’ll be a scab, not a martyr.
    Would it last forever? You and I together, hand in hand we run away... far away.
    Laying in my bed I think I’m in a field, I picture someone, I think it’s you.
    Why does one and one make two?
    She puts her make-up on, like grafitti on the walls of the heartland.
    She’s got a little book of conspiracies right in her hand.
    She is paranoid, endangered species heading into extintion.
    She is one of a kind, well she’s the last of the American girls.
    She won’t cooperate, well she’s the last of the American girls.
    She’s a natural disaster, she’s the last of the American girls.
    I beg to dream and differ from the hollow lies.
    I heard it all before, so don’t knock down my door, I’m a loser and a user so I don’t need no accuser.
    Dickhead, fuckface, cocksmoking, motherfucking asshole, dirty twat, waste of semen, I hope you die, hey!
    I'm in for nasty weather, but I'll take whatever you can get that comes my way, yeah...
    There's a boy who fogs his world and now is getting lazy, has no motivation and frustration makes him crazy. He makes a plan to take a stand but always ends up sitting.
    A thought burst in my head, and I need to tell you, it's news that I forethought. Was it just a dream that happened long ago? I think I just forgot...
    Dreaming... I was only dreaming... of another place in time where my family is from.
    Songs of yesterday now live in the underground...
    There's no return from 86.
    This is the dawning of the rest of our lives on holiday.
    I walk a lonely road, the only one that I have ever known. Don't know where it goes, but it's only me and I walk alone.
    I walk this empty street, on the boulevard of broken dreams. When the city sleeps and I'm the only one and I walk alone.
    My shadows are the one that walks beside me. My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating.
    Sometimes I wish someone out there would find me.
    Kiss the demons out of my dreams.
    Drain the pressure from the swelling, this sensation's overwhelming.
    City of the dead, at the end of another lost highway, sings misleading to nowhere.
    City of the damned, lost children with dirty faces today, no one really seems to care.
    I shuffle through my mind to see if I can find the words I left behind.
    Was it just a dream that happened long ago? Oh, well... never mind.
    I’m still alive.
    I’m like a child looking off on the horizon, I’m like an ambulance that’s turning on the sirens.
    I’ve been running all my life just to find a home that’s for the restless and the truth that’s in the message, making my way, away, away...
    Am I bleeding, am I bleeding from the storm? Just shine a light into the wreckage, so far away, away...
    ‘Cause I’m still breathing, I’m still breathing on my own. My head’s above the rain and roses, making my way away, my way to you.
    She, she screams in silence. A sullen riot penetrating through her mind.
    She, she’s figured out all her doubts were someone else’s point of view.
    Waiting for a sign to smash the silence with the brick of self control.
    Call me pathetic, call me what you will.
    Peel me off this velcro seat and get me moving. I sure as hell can’t do it by myself.
    Bite my lip and close my eyes, take me away to paradise. I’m so damn bored I’m going blind and I smell like shit.
    I sit around and watch the phone but no one’s calling.
    Oh bless me lord, for I have sinned... It's been a lifetime since I last confessed...
    Say a prayer for the family, drop a coin for humanity, ain't this uniform so flattering?
    I never asked you a goddamn thing!
    If I lose everything in the fire, did I ever make it through?
    You are the moonlight of my life, every night.
    My beating heart belongs to you. I walked for miles 'till I found you.
    There's fire in my veins and it's pouring out like a flood.
    Desperate, but not hopeless...
    We are the last call and it's too pathetic...
    In the wake, all the way no rhyme or reason, your bloodshot eyes will show your heart of treason.
    I'm elated, medicated, Lord knows I've tried to find a way to run away...
    You're a victim of your symptom, you are your own worst enemy... know your enemy.
    There's a disturbance on the oceanside, they tapped into the reserve... the static response is so unclear now.
    Something inside this heart has died, you're in ruins...
    Let's nuke the bridge we torched two thousand times before; this time we'll blast it all to hell.
    You're just a fuck, I can't explain it 'cause I think you suck.
    Scream at me until my ears bleed, I'm taking heed just for you.
